KOGITO-9648: Create a first webapp as a webjar (#9)
fantonangeli/kie-tools: packages/sonataflow-deployment-webapp/README.md

# SonataFlow Deployment Webapp

> This is the web application for SonataFlow Deployment to be used in Kogito-runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the web application for SonataFlow Deployments.
```

                  </configuration>
              </execution>
          </executions>
      </plugin>
      <plugin>
          <artifactId>maven-resources-plugin</artifactId>
          <executions>
              <execution>
                  <id>copy-sonataflow-deployment-webapp-resources</id>
                  <phase>process-resources</phase>
                  <goals>
                      <goal>copy-resources</goal>
                  </goals>
                  <configuration>
                      <outputDirectory>${project.basedir}/src/main/resources/META-INF/resources</outputDirectory>
                      <overwrite>true</overwrite>
                      <resources>
                          <resource>
                              <directory
                >${project.build.directory}/sonataflow-deployment-webapp/META-INF/resources/webjars/sonataflow-deployment-webapp/${slwtDeploymentWebapp.version}/dist</directory>

                                <includes>**/*</includes>
                          </resource>
                      </resources>
            </configuration>
          </execution>
        </executions>
      </plugin>
    </plugins>
  </build>
```

> ## Data.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Optional customizations
```

> After the installation a file `/src/main/resources/META-INF/resources/sonataflow-deploy-webapp-data.json` is needed to be created with the following text:

Reviewer: Can you please rephrase this sentence to let people know that this is not mandatory?

```JSON
{
  "appName": "SonataFlow Deployment",

>   "openApiUrl": "/q/openapi?format=json"

Reviewer: Replace `openApiUrl` with `showDisclaimer`

>   "openApiUrl": "/q/openapi?format=json"

Reviewer: Why does the OpenAPI URL need to be a custom parameter?

Author: If the OpenAPI URL is always `/q/openapi.json` I will remove it from `data.json`
